{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11540\viewh8420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is the repository corresponding to the paper: 
\f1\b \'93Double-Edged Feed: The Dominant Role of Politics in Social Media Interaction & Preferences\'93
\f0\b0  by Jean Springsteen, Dino Christenson, and William Yeoh. The full paper can be found here: \
\
Included in this repository are the full, anonymized dataset resulting from the user survey, the code and methodology, and a copy of the survey. Below is an explanation of the files included. \
\
\'97\'97\'97 R Markdown Files \'97\'97\'97 \
\
- 
\f1\b 0_Data_Anonymization.Rmd
\f0\b0 : An R Markdown file that anonymizes the survey data. It does detail the steps we took to remove personally identifying information. 
\f2\i\b Note
\f0\i0\b0 : This will not run without the original survey data, which - for obvious reasons- is not provided in this repo.\
\
- 
\f1\b 1_Data_Cleaning.Rmd
\f0\b0 : An R Markdown file that cleans the (anonymized) data and creates variables needed for the analysis. \
\
- 
\f1\b 2_Double_Edged_Feed_Analysis.Rmd
\f0\b0 : The R Markdown file where the conjoint analysis was performed, specifically using the `cregg\'92 package. This file also creates the images in the paper. \
\
\'97\'97\'97 Data \'97\'97\'97 \
\
- 
\f1\b anonymized_survey_data.csv
\f0\b0 : The result of file 0_Data_Anonymization.Rmd. This contains all the data from the user survey, anonymized to protect user information. The anonymization process is detailed in the R Markdown file. \
\
- 
\f1\b cleaned_anonymized_survey_data.csv
\f0\b0 : The result of the file, 1_Data_Cleaning.Rmd. This is the data used in the analysis. The entire process is documented in the R Markdown file, but methods include condensing columns, creating Likert scales on branching questions, and creating the affective polarization variable. \
\
- 
\f1\b IV_combos_new.csv
\f0\b0 : CSV file provides the factors corresponding to each of the 192 posts. Used in the data cleaning script - 1_Data_Cleaning.Rmd - this was used to go from Qualtrics\'92 coding of which post a survey-taker was shown to the independent variables that represent that post. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'97\'97\'97 Images \'97\'97\'97 \
\
- Images folder: Contains 4 pdfs of the conjoint experiment results. These are produced by running 2_Double_Edged_Feed_Analysis.Rmd. Each plot shows the AMCE by political party of the survey respondent across the six independent variables. The 4 plots correspond to the 4 dependent variables (electric vehicle policy preferences, greenhouse emissions policy preferences, affective polarization, and likelihood to interact). \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\'97\'97\'97 Survey \'97\'97\'97 \
\
- 
\f1\b Double_Edged_Feed_Full_Survey.pdf
\f0\b0 : A full copy of the user survey created in Qualtrics. \
\
\
IRB was obtained through Washington University in St. Louis. \
\
Questions about this paper or repository can be directed to Jean Springsteen at jmspringsteen@wustl.edu. \
}